<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.A.113
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10a113.txt
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit 10(a)113
                           CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT

     THIS CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT ("Agreement") made and entered into by and
between The Southern Company ("Southern"), Savannah Electric and Power Company
(the "Company") and Mr. Anthony R. James. ("Mr. James") (hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Parties") is effective May 1, 2001.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                               - - - - - - - - - -

     WHEREAS, Mr. James is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company;

     WHEREAS, the Company wishes to provide to Mr. James certain severance
benefits under certain circumstances following a change in control (as defined
herein) of Southern or the Company;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and the agreements of the
Parties set forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

         1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:
                  (a) "Annual Compensation" shall mean Mr. James' highest annual
         base salary rate for the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding
         the date of the Change in Control plus target bonus.
                  (b) "Beneficial Ownership" shall mean beneficial ownership
         within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.
                  (c) "Board" shall mean the board of directors of the Company.
                  (d) "Business Combination" shall mean a reorganization, merger
         or consolidation of Southern or sale or other disposition of all or
         substantially all of the assets of Southern.
                  (e) "Change in Control" shall mean any of the following:
                           (i) The Consummation of an acquisition by any Person
                  of Beneficial Ownership of 20% or more of Southern's Voting
                  Securities; provided, however, that for purposes of this
                  Paragraph 1.(e)(i), the following acquisitions of Southern's
                  Voting Securities shall not constitute a Change in Control:
                                    (A) any acquisition directly from Southern;
                                    (B) any acquisition by Southern;
                                    (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit
                           plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by
                           Southern or any Southern Subsidiary;
                                    (D) any acquisition by a qualified pension
                           plan or publicly held mutual fund;
                                    (E) any acquisition by a Group composed
                           exclusively of employees of Southern, or any Southern
                           Subsidiary;
                                    (F) any acquisition by Mr. James or any
                           Group of which Mr. James is a party; or
                                    (G) any Business Combination which would not
                           otherwise constitute a change in control because of
                           the application of clauses (A), (B) and (C) of
                           Paragraph 1.(e)(iii); (ii) A change in the
                           composition of the Southern Board whereby individuals
                           who constitute  the  Incumbent  Board cease for any
                           reason to  constitute  at least a majority of the
                           Southern Board;
                           (iii) Consummation of a Business Combination,
                  provided, however, that such a Business Combination shall not
                  constitute a Change in Control if all three (3) of the
                  following conditions are met:
                                    (A) all or substantially all of the
                           individuals and entities who held Beneficial
                           Ownership, respectively, of Southern's Voting
                           Securities immediately prior to such Business
                           Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly,
                           65% or more of the combined voting power of the
                           Voting Securities of the corporation surviving or
                           resulting from such Business Combination, (including,
                           without limitation, a corporation which as a result
                           of such transaction holds Beneficial Ownership of all
                           or substantially all of Southern's Voting Securities
                           or all or substantially all of Southern's assets)
                           (such surviving or resulting corporation to be
                           referred to as "Surviving Company"), in substantially
                           the same proportions as their ownership, immediately
                           prior to such Business Combination, of Southern's
                           Voting Securities;
                                    (B) no Person (excluding any corporation
                           resulting from such Business Combination, any
                           employee benefit plan (or related trust) of Southern,
                           any Southern Subsidiary or Surviving Company, Mr.
                           James, any Group of which Mr. James is a party, any
                           Group composed exclusively of Company employees, any
                           qualified pension plan (or related trust) or any
                           publicly held mutual fund) holds Beneficial
                           Ownership, directly or indirectly, of 20% or more of
                           the combined voting power of the then outstanding
                           Voting Securities of Surviving Company except to the
                           extent that such ownership existed prior to the
                           Business Combination; and
                                    (C) at least a majority of the members of
                           the board of directors of Surviving Company were
                           members of the Incumbent Board at the earlier of the
                           date of execution of the initial agreement, or of the
                           action of the Southern Board, providing for such
                           Business Combination.
                           (iv) The Consummation of an acquisition by any Person
                  of Beneficial Ownership of 50% or more of the combined voting
                  power of the then outstanding Voting Securities of the
                  Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this
                  Paragraph 1.(e)(iv), any acquisition by Mr. James, any Group
                  composed exclusively of employees of the Company, any Group of
                  which Mr. James is a party, any qualified pension plan (or
                  related trust), any publicly held mutual fund, any employee
                  benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by
                  Southern or any Southern Subsidiary shall not constitute a
                  Change in Control;
                           (v) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or
                  consolidation of the Company (an "Employing Company Business
                  Combination"), in each case, unless, following such Employing
                  Company Business Combination, Southern Controls the
                  corporation or other entity surviving or resulting from such
                  Employing Company Business Combination; or
                           (vi) Consummation of the sale or other disposition of
                  all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a
                  corporation or other entity which Southern does not Control.
                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall "Change in
                  Control" mean an initial public offering or a spin-off of the
                  Company.
                  (f) "COBRA Coverage" shall mean any continuation coverage to
                  which Mr. James or his dependents may be entitled pursuant to
                  Code Section 4980B.
                  (g) "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
                  amended.
                  (h) "Company" shall mean Savannah Electric and Power Company,
                  its successors and assigns. (i) "Consummation" shall mean the
                  completion of the final act necessary to complete a
         transaction as a matter of law, including, but not limited to, any
         required approvals by the corporation's shareholders and board of
         directors, the transfer of legal and beneficial title to securities or
         assets and the final approval of the transaction by any applicable
         domestic or foreign governments or governmental agencies.
                  (j) "Control" shall mean, in the case of a corporation,
                  Beneficial Ownership of more than 50% of the combined voting
                  power of the corporation's Voting Securities, or in the case
                  of any other entity, Beneficial Ownership of more than 50% of
                  such entity's voting equity interests.
                  (k) "Effective Date" shall mean the date of execution of this
                  Agreement. (l) "Employee Outplacement Program" shall mean the
                  program established by the Company from
time to time for the purpose of assisting participants covered by the plan in
finding employment outside of the Company which provides for the following
services:
                           (i) self-assessment, career decision and goal
                           setting; (ii) job market research and job sources;
                           (iii) networking and interviewing skills; (iv)
                           planning and implementation strategy; (v) resume
                           writing, job hunting methods and salary negotiation;
                           and (vi) office support and job search resources.
                  (m) "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
                  1934, as amended. (n) "Good Reason" shall mean, without Mr.
                  James' express written consent, after written
         notice to the Board, and after a thirty (30) day opportunity for the
         Board to cure, the continuing occurrence of any of the following
         events:
                           (i) Inconsistent Duties. A meaningful and detrimental
                  alteration in Mr. James' position or in the nature or status
                  of his responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior
                  to the Change in Control;
                           (ii) Reduced Salary. A reduction of five percent (5%)
                  or more by the Company in either of the following: (i) Mr.
                  James' annual base salary rate as in effect immediately prior
                  to the Change in Control (except for a less than ten percent
                  (10%), across-the-board annual base salary rate reduction
                  similarly affecting at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the
                  Executive Employees of the Company); or (ii) the sum of Mr.
                  James' annual base salary rate plus target bonus under the PPP
                  (except for a less than ten percent (10%), across-the-board
                  reduction of annual base salary rate plus target bonus under
                  the PPP similarly affecting at least ninety-five percent (95%)
                  of the Executive Employees of the Company);
                           (iii) Pension and Compensation Plans. The failure by
                  the Company to continue in effect any pension or compensation
                  plan or agreement in which Mr. James participates or is a
                  party as of the date of the Change in Control or the
                  elimination of Mr. James' participation therein, (except for
                  across-the-board plan changes or terminations similarly
                  affecting at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the Executive
                  Employees of the Company). For purposes of this Paragraph
                  1.(n), a "pension plan or agreement" shall mean any written
                  arrangement executed by an authorized officer of the Company
                  which provides for payments upon retirement; and a
                  "compensation plan or arrangement" shall mean any written
                  arrangement executed by an authorized officer of the Company
                  which provides for periodic, non-discretionary compensatory
                  payments in the nature of bonuses.
                           (iv) Relocation. A change in Mr. James' work location
                  to a location more than fifty (50) miles from the office where
                  Mr. James is located at the time of the Change in Control,
                  unless such new work location is within fifty (50) miles from
                  Mr. James' principal place of residence at the time of the
                  Change in Control. The acceptance, if any, by Mr. James of
                  employment by the Company at a work location which is outside
                  the fifty mile radius set forth in this Paragraph 1.(n)(iv)
                  shall not be a waiver of Mr. James' right to refuse subsequent
                  transfer by the Company to a location which is more than fifty
                  (50) miles from Mr. James' principal place of residence at the
                  time of the Change in Control, and such subsequent unconsented
                  transfer shall be "Good Reason" under this Agreement; or
                           (v) Benefits and Perquisites. The taking of any
                  action by the Company which would directly or indirectly
                  materially reduce the benefits enjoyed by Mr. James under the
                  Company's retirement, life insurance, medical, health and
                  accident, disability, deferred compensation or savings plans
                  in which Mr. James was participating immediately prior to the
                  Change in Control; or the failure by the Company to provide
                  Mr. James with the number of paid vacation days to which Mr.
                  James is entitled on the basis of years of service with the
                  Company in accordance with the Company's normal vacation
                  policy in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control
                  (except for across-the-board plan or vacation policy changes
                  or plan terminations similarly affecting at least ninety-five
                  percent (95%) of the Executive Employees of the Company).
                           (vi) For purposes of this Paragraph 1.(n), the term
                  "Executive Employee" shall mean those employees of the Company
                  of Grade Level 10 or above. (o) "Group" shall have the meaning
                  set forth in Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act. (p) "Group
                  Health Plan" shall mean the group health plan covering Mr.
                  James, as such plan may be amended from time to time.
                  (q) "Group Life Insurance Plan" shall mean the group life
                  insurance program covering Mr. James, as such plan may be
                  amended from time to time.
                  (r) "Incumbent Board" shall mean those individuals who
                  constitute the Southern Board as of October 19, 1998 plus any
                  individual who shall become a director subsequent to such date
                  whose election or nomination for election by Southern's
                  shareholders was approved by a vote of at least 75% of the
                  directors then comprising the Incumbent Board. Notwithstanding
                  the foregoing, no individual who shall become a director of
                  the Southern Board subsequent to October 19, 1998 whose
                  initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual
                  or threatened election contest (within the meaning of Rule
                  14a-11 of the Regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act)
                  with respect to the election or removal of directors or other
                  actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or
                  on behalf of a Person other than the Southern Board shall be a
                  member of the Incumbent Board.
                  (s) "Month of Service" shall mean any calendar month during
                  which Mr. James has worked at least one (1) hour or was on
                  approved leave of absence while in the employ of the Company
                  or any affiliate or subsidiary of Southern.
                  (t) "Omnibus Plan" shall mean the Southern Company Omnibus
                  Incentive Compensation Plan, and the Design and Administrative
                  Specifications duly adopted thereunder, [as in effect on the
                  day before the date of a Change in Control,] as may be amended
                  from time to time.
                  (u) "Pension Plan" shall mean The Southern Company Pension
                  Plan, as such plan may be amended from time to time.
                  (v) "Performance Dividend Program" shall mean the Performance
                  Dividend Program under the Omnibus Plan or any replacement
                  thereto, as such plans may be amended from time to time.
                  (w) "Person" shall mean any individual, entity or group within
                  the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of Act.
                  (x) "Performance Pay Program" or "PPP" shall mean the
                  Performance Pay Program under the Omnibus Plan or any
                  replacement thereto, as such plans may be amended from time to
                  time.
                  (y) "Southern" shall mean The Southern Company, its successors
                  and assigns. (z) "Southern Board" shall mean the board of
                  directors of Southern. (aa) "Southern Subsidiary" shall mean
                  any corporation or other entity Controlled by
                  Southern.
                  (bb) "Termination for Cause" or "Cause" shall mean the
         termination of Mr. James' employment by the Company upon the occurrence
         of any of the following:
                           (i) The willful and continued failure by Mr. James
                  substantially to perform his duties with the Company (other
                  than any such failure resulting from Mr. James' Total
                  Disability or from Mr. James' retirement or any such actual or
                  anticipated failure resulting from termination by Mr. James
                  for Good Reason) after a written demand for substantial
                  performance is delivered to him by the Southern Board, which
                  demand specifically identifies the manner in which the
                  Southern Board believes that he has not substantially
                  performed his duties; or
                           (ii) The willful engaging by Mr. James in conduct
                  that is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company,
                  monetarily or otherwise, including, but not limited to any of
                  the following:
                                    (A) any willful act involving fraud or
                           dishonesty in the course of Mr. James' employment by
                           the Company;
                                    (B) the willful carrying out of any activity
                  or the making of any statement which would materially
                  prejudice or impair the good name and standing of the Company,
                  Southern or any Southern Subsidiary or would bring the
                  Company, Southern or any Southern Subsidiary into contempt,
                  ridicule or would reasonably shock or offend any community in
                  which the Company, Southern or such Southern Subsidiary is
                  located;
                                    (C) attendance at work in a state of
                  intoxication or otherwise being found in possession at his
                  workplace of any prohibited drug or substance, possession of
                  which would amount to a criminal offense;
                                    (D) violation of the Company's policies on
                  drug and alcohol usage, fitness for duty requirements or
                  similar policies as may exist from time to time as adopted by
                  the Company's safety officer;
                                    (E) assault or other act of violence against
                  any person during the course of employment; or
                                    (F) indictment of any felony or any
                  misdemeanor involving moral turpitude. No act or failure to
                  act by Mr. James shall be deemed "willful" unless done, or
                  omitted to be
         done, by Mr. James not in good faith and without reasonable belief that
         his action or omission was in the best interest of the Company.
                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. James shall not be deemed
         to have been terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have
         been delivered to him a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
         affirmative vote of not less than three quarters of the entire
         membership of the Southern Board at a meeting of the Southern Board
         called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice to Mr. James
         and an opportunity for him, together with counsel, to be heard before
         the Southern Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the
         Southern Board, Mr. James was guilty of conduct set forth above in
         clause (i) or (ii) of this Paragraph 1.(bb) and specifying the
         particulars thereof in detail.
                  (cc) "Termination Date" shall mean the date on which Mr.
                  James' employment with the Company is terminated; provided,
                  however, that solely for purposes of Paragraph 2.(c) hereof,
                  the Termination Date shall be the effective date of his
                  retirement pursuant to the terms of the Pension Plan.
                  (dd) "Total Disability" shall mean Mr. James' total disability
                  within the meaning of the Pension Plan.
                  (ee) "Voting Securities" shall mean the outstanding voting
                  securities of a corporation entitling the holder thereof to
                  vote generally in the election of such corporation's
                  directors.
                  (ff) "Waiver and Release" shall mean the Waiver and Release
                  attached hereto as Exhibit A. (gg) "Year of Service" shall
                  mean Mr. James' Months of Service divided by twelve (12)
         rounded to the nearest whole year, rounding up if the remaining number
         of months is seven (7) or greater and rounding down if the remaining
         number of months is less than seven (7). If Mr. James has a break in
         his service with the Company, he will receive credit under this
         Agreement for service prior to the break in service only if the break
         in service is less than five years.
         2.       Severance Benefits.
                  (a) Eligibility. Except as otherwise provided in this
         Paragraph 2.(a), if Mr. James' employment is involuntarily terminated
         by the Company at any time during the two year period following a
         Change in Control for reasons other than Cause, or if Mr. James
         voluntarily terminates his employment with the Company for Good Reason
         at any time during the two year period following a Change in Control,
         Mr. James shall be entitled to receive the benefits described in this
         Agreement upon the Company's receipt of an effective Waiver and
         Release. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Mr. James
         shall not be eligible to receive benefits under this Agreement if Mr.
         James:
                           (i) voluntarily terminates his employment with the
                  Company for other than Good Reason;
                           (ii) has his employment terminated by the Company for
                  Cause;
                           (iii) accepts the transfer of his employment to
                  Southern, any Southern Subsidiary or any employer that
                  succeeds to all or substantially all of the assets of the
                  Company, Southern or any Southern Subsidiary;
                           (iv) refuses an offer of continued employment with
                  the Company, any Southern Subsidiary, or any employer that
                  succeeds to all or substantially all of the assets of the
                  Company, Southern, or any Southern Subsidiary under
                  circumstances where such refusal would not amount to Good
                  Reason for voluntary termination of employment; or
                           (v) elects to receive the benefits of any other
                  voluntary or involuntary severance or separation program, plan
                  or agreement maintained by the Company in lieu of benefits
                  under this Agreement; provided however, that the receipt of
                  benefits under the terms of any retention plan or agreement
                  shall not be deemed to be the receipt of severance or
                  separation benefits for purposes of this Agreement.
                  (b) Severance Benefits. If Mr. James meets the eligibility
         requirements of Paragraph 2.(a) hereof, he shall be entitled to a cash
         severance benefit in an amount equal to three times his Annual
         Compensation (the "Severance Amount"). If any portion of the Severance
         Amount constitutes an "excess parachute payment" (as such term is
         defined under Code Section 280G ("Excess Parachute Payment")), the
         Company shall pay to Mr. James an additional amount calculated by
         determining the amount of tax under Code Section 4999 that he otherwise
         would have paid on any Excess Parachute Payment with respect to the
         Change in Control and dividing such amount by a decimal determined by
         adding the tax rate under Code Section 4999 ("Excise Tax"), the
         hospital insurance tax under Code Section 3101(b) ("HI Tax") and
         federal and state income tax measured at the highest marginal rates
         ("Income Tax") and subtracting such result from the number one (1) (the
         "280G Gross-up"); provided, however, that no 280G Gross-up shall be
         paid unless the Severance Amount plus all other "parachute payments" to
         Mr. James under Code Section 280G exceeds three (3) times Mr. James'
         "base amount" (as such term is defined under Code Section 280G ("Base
         Amount")) by ten percent (10%) or more; provided further, that if no
         280G Gross-up is paid, the Severance Amount shall be capped at three
         (3) times Mr. James' Base Amount, less all other "parachute payments"
         (as such term is defined under Code Section 280G) received by Mr.
         James, less one dollar (the "Capped Amount"), if the Capped Amount,
         reduced by HI Tax and Income Tax, exceeds what otherwise would have
         been the Severance Amount, reduced by HI Tax, Income Tax and Excise
         Tax.
                  For purposes of this Paragraph 2.(b), whether any amount would
         constitute an Excess Parachute Payment and any other calculations of
         tax, e.g., Excise Tax, HI Tax, Income Tax, etc., or other amounts,
         e.g., Base Amount, Capped Amount, etc., shall be determined by the tax
         department of the independent public accounting firm then responsible
         for preparing Southern's consolidated federal income tax return, and
         such calculations or determinations shall be binding upon the parties
         hereto.
                  (c) Welfare Benefits. If Mr. James meets the eligibility
         requirements of Paragraph 2.(a) hereof and is not otherwise eligible to
         receive retiree medical and life insurance benefits provided to certain
         retirees pursuant to the terms of the Pension Plan, the Group Health
         Plan and the Group Life Insurance Plan, he shall be entitled to the
         benefits set forth in this Paragraph 2.(c).
                           (i) Mr. James shall be eligible to participate in the
                  Company's Group Health Plan, upon payment of both the
                  Company's and his monthly premium under such plan, for a
                  period of six (6) months for each of Mr. James' Years of
                  Service, not to exceed five (5) years. If Mr. James elects to
                  receive this extended medical coverage, he shall also be
                  entitled to elect coverage under the Group Health Plan for his
                  dependents who were participating in the Group Health Plan on
                  Mr. James' Termination Date (and for such other dependents as
                  may be entitled to coverage under the provisions of the Health
                  Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996) for the
                  duration of Mr. James' extended medical coverage under this
                  Paragraph 2.(c)(i) to the extent such dependents remain
                  eligible for dependent coverage under the terms of the Group
                  Health Plan.
                                    (A) The extended medical coverage afforded
                           to Mr. James pursuant to Paragraph 2.(c)(i), as well
                           as the premiums to be paid by Mr. James in connection
                           with such coverage shall be determined in accordance
                           with the terms of the Group Health Plan and shall be
                           subject to any changes in the terms and conditions of
                           the Group Health Plan as well as any future increases
                           in premiums under the Group Health Plan. The premiums
                           to be paid by Mr. James in connection with this
                           extended coverage shall be due on the first day of
                           each month; provided, however, that if he fails to
                           pay his premium within thirty (30) days of its due
                           date, such extended coverage shall be terminated.
                                    (B) Any Group Health Plan coverage provided
                           under Paragraph 2.(c)(i) shall be a part of and not
                           in addition to any COBRA Coverage which Mr. James or
                           his dependents may elect. In the event that Mr. James
                           or his dependents become eligible to be covered, by
                           virtue of re-employment or otherwise, by any
                           employer-sponsored group health plan or is eligible
                           for coverage under any government-sponsored health
                           plan during the above period, coverage under the
                           Company's Group Health Plan available to Mr. James or
                           his dependents by virtue of the provisions of
                           Paragraph 2.(c)(i) shall terminate, except as may
                           otherwise be required by law, and shall not be
                           renewed. (ii) Mr. James shall be entitled to receive
                           cash in an amount equal to the
                  Company's and Mr. James' cost of premiums for three (3) years
                  of coverage under the Group Health Plan and Group Life
                  Insurance Plan in accordance with the terms of such plans as
                  of the date of the Change in Control.
                  (d) Incentive Plans. If Mr. James meets the eligibility
         requirements of Paragraph 2.(a) hereof he shall be entitled to the
         following benefits under the Omnibus Plan:
                           (i) Stock Options.
                                    (A) Any of Mr. James' Options and Stock
                           Appreciation Rights under the Omnibus Plan (the
                           defined terms of which are incorporated in this
                           Paragraph 2.(d)(i) by reference) which are
                           outstanding as of the Termination Date and which are
                           not then exercisable and vested, shall become fully
                           exercisable and vested to the full extent of the
                           original grant; provided, that in the case of a Stock
                           Appreciation Right, if Mr. James is subject to
                           Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, such Stock
                           Appreciation Right shall not become fully vested and
                           exercisable at such time if such actions would result
                           in liability to Mr. James under Section 16(b) of the
                           Exchange Act, provided further, that any such actions
                           not taken as a result of the rules under Section
                           16(b) of the Exchange Act shall be effected as of the
                           first date that such activity would no longer result
                           in liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
                                    (B) The restrictions and deferral
                           limitations applicable to any of Mr. James'
                           Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units as of the
                           Termination Date shall lapse, and such Restricted
                           Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall become free of
                           all restrictions and limitations and become fully
                           vested and transferable to the full extent of the
                           original grant.
                           (ii) Performance Pay Program. Provided Mr. James is
                  not entitled to a Cash-Based Award under the PPP, (the defined
                  terms of which are incorporated in this Paragraph 2.(d)(ii) by
                  reference), if the PPP is in place through Mr. James'
                  Termination Date and to the extent Mr. James is entitled to
                  participate therein, Mr. James shall be entitled to receive
                  cash in an amount equal to a prorated payout of his Cash-Based
                  Awards under the PPP for the performance period in which the
                  Termination Date shall have occurred, at target performance
                  under the PPP and prorated by the number of months which have
                  passed since the beginning of the performance period until the
                  Termination Date.
                           (iii) Performance Dividend Program. Provided Mr.
                  James is not entitled to a Cash-Based Award under the
                  Performance Dividend Program (the defined terms of which are
                  incorporated in this Paragraph 2.(d)(iii) by reference), if
                  the Performance Dividend Program is in place through Mr.
                  James' Termination Date and to the extent Mr. James is
                  entitled to participate therein, Mr. James shall be entitled
                  to receive cash for each such Cash-Based Award under the
                  Performance Dividend Program held by Mr. James on his
                  Termination Date, based on actual performance under the
                  Performance Dividend Program determined as of the most
                  recently completed calendar quarter of the performance period
                  in which the Termination Date shall have occurred, and the
                  annual dividend declared prior to the Termination Date.
                           (iv) Other Short Term Incentives Under the Omnibus
                  Plan. Provided Mr. James is not entitled to a Performance
                  Unit/Share award under the Omnibus Plan (the defined terms of
                  which are incorporated in this Paragraph 2.(d)(iv) by
                  reference), Mr. James shall be entitled to receive cash in an
                  amount equal to a prorated payout of the value of his
                  Performance Units and/or Performance Shares for the
                  performance period in which the Termination Date shall have
                  occurred, at target performance and prorated by the number of
                  months which have passed since the beginning of the
                  performance period until the Termination Date.
                           (v) Other Short Term Incentive Plans. The provisions
                  of this Paragraph 2.(d)(v) shall apply if and to the extent
                  that Mr. James is a participant in any other "short term
                  compensation plan" not otherwise previously referred to in
                  this Paragraph 2.(d). Provided Mr. James is not otherwise
                  entitled to a plan payout under any change of control
                  provisions of such plans, if the "short term compensation
                  plan" is in place as of the Termination Date and to the extent
                  Mr. James is entitled to participate therein, Mr. James shall
                  receive cash in an amount equal to his award under the
                  Company's "short term incentive plan" for the annual
                  performance period in which the Termination Date shall have
                  occurred, at Mr. James' target performance level and prorated
                  by the number of months which have passed since the beginning
                  of the annual performance period until his Termination Date.
                  For purposes of this Paragraph 2.(d)(v) the term "short term
                  incentive compensation plan" shall mean any incentive
                  compensation plan or arrangement adopted in writing by the
                  Company which provides for annual, recurring compensatory
                  bonuses based upon articulated performance criteria.
                  (e) Payment of Benefits. Any amounts due under this Agreement
         shall be paid in one (1) lump sum payment as soon as administratively
         practicable following the later of: (i) Mr. James' Termination Date, or
         (ii) upon Mr. James' tender of an effective Waiver and Release to the
         Company in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto and the expiration of
         any applicable revocation period for such waiver. In the event of a
         dispute with respect to liability or amount of any benefit due
         hereunder, an effective Waiver and Release shall be tendered at the
         time of final resolution of any such dispute when payment is tendered
         by the Company.
                  (f) Benefits in the Event of Death. In the event of Mr. James'
         death prior to the payment of all amounts due under this Agreement, Mr.
         James' estate shall be entitled to receive as due any amounts not yet
         paid under this Agreement upon the tender by the executor or
         administrator of the estate of an effective Waiver and Release.
                  (g) Legal Fees. In the event of a dispute between Mr. James
         and the Company with regard to any amounts due hereunder, if any
         material issue in such dispute is finally resolved in Mr. James' favor,
         the Company shall reimburse Mr. James' legal fees incurred with respect
         to all issues in such dispute in an amount not to exceed fifty thousand
         dollars ($50,000).
                  (h) Employee Outplacement Services. Mr. James shall be
         eligible to participate in the Employee Outplacement Program, which
         program shall not be less than six (6) months duration measured from
         Mr. James' Termination Date.
                  (i) Non-qualified Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plans.
         The Parties agree that subsequent to a Change in Control, any claims by
         Mr. James for benefits under any of the Company's non-qualified
         retirement or deferred compensation plans shall be resolved through
         binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions and procedures
         set forth in Paragraph 5 hereof and if any material issue in such
         dispute is finally resolved in Mr. James' favor, the Company shall
         reimburse Mr. James' legal fees in the manner provided in Paragraph
         2.(g) hereof.
         3. Transfer of Employment. In the event that Mr. James' employment by
the Company is terminated during the two year period following a Change in
Control and Mr. James accepts employment by Southern, a Southern Subsidiary, or
any employer that succeeds to all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company, Southern or any Southern Subsidiary, the Company shall assign this
Agreement to Southern, such Southern Subsidiary, or successor employer, Southern
shall accept such assignment or cause such Southern Subsidiary or successor
employer to accept such assignment, and such assignee shall become the "Company"
for all purposes hereunder.
         4. No Mitigation. If Mr. James is otherwise eligible to receive
benefits under Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, he shall have no duty or
obligation to seek other employment following his Termination Date and, except
as otherwise provided in Paragraph 2.(a)(iii) hereof, the amounts due Mr. James
hereunder shall not be reduced or suspended if Mr. James accepts such subsequent
employment.
         5. Arbitration.
                  (a) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or
         relating to the Company's obligations to pay severance benefits under
         this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be settled and resolved
         solely by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
         Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") except as
         otherwise provided herein. The arbitration shall be the sole and
         exclusive forum for resolution of any such claim for severance benefits
         and the arbitrators' award shall be final and binding. The provisions
         of this Paragraph 5 are not intended to apply to any other disputes,
         claims or controversies arising out of or relating to Mr. James'
         employment by the Company or the termination thereof.
                  (b) Arbitration shall be initiated by serving a written notice
         of demand for arbitration to Mr. James, in the case of the Company, or
         to the Southern Board, in the case of Mr. James.
                  (c) The arbitration shall be held in Atlanta, Georgia. The
         arbitrators shall apply the law of the State of Georgia, to the extent
         not preempted by federal law, excluding any law which would require the
         application of the law of another state.
                  (d) The parties shall appoint arbitrators within fifteen (15)
         business days following service of the demand for arbitration. The
         number of arbitrators shall be three. One arbitrator shall be appointed
         by Mr. James, one arbitrator shall be appointed by the Company, and the
         two arbitrators shall appoint a third. If the arbitrators cannot agree
         on a third arbitrator within thirty (30) business days after the
         service of demand for arbitration, the third arbitrator shall be
         selected by the AAA.
                  (e) The arbitration filing fee shall be paid by Mr. James. All
         other costs of arbitration shall be borne equally by Mr. James and the
         Company, provided, however, that the Company shall reimburse such fees
         and costs in the event any material issue in such dispute is finally
         resolved in Mr. James' favor and Mr. James is reimbursed legal fees
         under Paragraph 2.(g) hereof.
                  (f) The parties agree that they will faithfully observe the
         rules that govern any arbitration between them, they will abide by and
         perform any award rendered by the arbitrators in any such arbitration,
         including any award of injunctive relief, and a judgment of a court
         having jurisdiction may be entered upon an award.
                  (g) The parties agree that nothing in this Paragraph 5 is
         intended to preclude upon application of either party any court having
         jurisdiction from issuing and enforcing in any lawful manner such
         temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions, and other
         interim measures of relief as may be necessary to prevent harm to a
         party's interests or as otherwise may be appropriate pending the
         conclusion of arbitration proceedings pursuant to this Agreement;
         regardless of whether an arbitration proceeding under this Paragraph 5
         has begun. The parties further agree that nothing herein shall prevent
         any court from entering and enforcing in any lawful manner such
         judgments for permanent equitable relief as may be necessary to prevent
         harm to a party's interests or as otherwise may be appropriate
         following the issuance of arbitral awards pursuant to this Paragraph 5.

         6. Miscellaneous.
                  (a) Funding of Benefits. Unless the Board in its discretion
         shall determine otherwise, the benefits payable to Mr. James under this
         Agreement shall not be funded in any manner and shall be paid by the
         Company out of its general assets, which assets are subject to the
         claims of the Company's creditors.
                  (b) Withholding. There shall be deducted from the payment of
         any benefit due under this Agreement the amount of any tax required by
         any governmental authority to be withheld and paid over by the Company
         to such governmental authority for the account of Mr. James.
                  (c) Assignment. Mr. James shall have no rights to sell,
         assign, transfer, encumber, or otherwise convey the right to receive
         the payment of any benefit due hereunder, which payment and the rights
         thereto are expressly declared to be nonassignable and nontransferable.
         Any attempt to do so shall be null and void and of no effect.
                  (d) Amendment and Termination. The Agreement may be amended or
         terminated only by a writing executed by the parties.
                  (e) Construction. This Agreement shall be construed in
         accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Georgia, to
         the extent not preempted by federal law, disregarding any provision of
         law which would require the application of the law of another state.
                  (f) Pooling Accounting. Notwithstanding anything to the
         contrary herein, if, but for any provision of this Agreement, a Change
         in Control transaction would otherwise be accounted for as a
         pooling-of-interests under APB No.16 ("Pooling Accounting") (after
         giving effect to any and all other facts and circumstances affecting
         whether such Change in Control transaction would use Pooling
         Accounting), such provision or provisions of this Agreement which would
         otherwise cause the Change in Control transaction to be ineligible for
         Pooling Accounting shall be void and ineffective in such a manner and
         to the extent that by eliminating such provision or provisions of this
         Agreement, Pooling Accounting would be required for such Change in
         Control transaction.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement this
____ day of __________________, 2002. THE SOUTHERN COMPANY


                          By:      ____________________________________


                                   SAVANNAH ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY


                          By:      ____________________________________


                                    MR. JAMES


                                   -----------------------------
                                        ANTHONY R. JAMES


<PAGE>




                                    Exhibit A

                           CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT

                               Waiver and Release


         The attached Waiver and Release is to be given to Mr. Anthony R. James
upon the occurrence of an event that triggers eligibility for severance benefits
under the Change in Control Agreement, as described in Paragraph 2(a) of such
agreement.


<PAGE>


                           CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT

                               Waiver and Release


         I, Anthony R. James, understand that I am entitled to receive the
severance benefits described in Section 2 of the Change in Control Agreement
(the "Agreement") if I execute this Waiver and Release ("Waiver"). I understand
that the benefits I will receive under the Agreement are in excess of those I
would have received from The Southern Company and Savannah Electric and Power
Company (collectively, the "Company") if I had not elected to sign this Waiver.

         I recognize that I may have a claim against the Company under the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 and 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, as amended,
the Americans with Disabilities Act or other federal, state and local laws.

         In exchange for the benefits I elect to receive, I hereby irrevocably
waive and release all claims, of any kind whatsoever, whether known or unknown
in connection with any claim which I ever had, may have, or now have against The
Southern Company, Alabama Power Company, Georgia Power Company, Gulf Power
Company, Savannah Electric and Power Company, Savannah Electric and Power
Company, Southern Communication Services, Inc., Savannah Electric and Power
Company, Southern Energy Resources, Inc., Southern Company Energy Solutions,
Inc., Southern Nuclear Operating Company, Inc., Southern Energy, Inc. and other
direct or indirect subsidiaries of The Southern Company and their past, present
and future officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys. Nothing in this
Waiver shall be construed to release claims or causes of action under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act or the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, as
amended, which arise out of events occurring after the execution date of this
Waiver.

         In further exchange for the benefits I elect to receive, I understand
and agree that I will respect the proprietary and confidential nature of any
information I have obtained in the course of my service with the Company or any
subsidiary or affiliate of The Southern Company. However, nothing in this Waiver
shall prohibit me from engaging in protected activities under applicable law or
from communicating, either voluntary or otherwise, with any governmental agency
concerning any potential violation of the law.

         In signing this Waiver, I am not releasing claims to benefits that I am
already entitled to under any workers' compensation laws or under any retirement
plan or welfare benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, which is sponsored by or adopted by the
Company and/or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries; however, I understand
and acknowledge that nothing herein is intended to or shall be construed to
require the Company to institute or continue in effect any particular plan or
benefit sponsored by the Company and the Company hereby reserves the right to
amend or terminate any of its benefit programs at any time in accordance with
the procedures set forth in such plans.

         In signing this Waiver, I realize that I am waiving and releasing,
among other things, any claims to benefits under any and all bonus, severance,
workforce reduction, early retirement, outplacement, or any other similar type
plan sponsored by the Company.

         I have been encouraged and advised in writing to seek advice from
anyone of my choosing regarding this Waiver, including my attorney, and my
accountant or tax advisor. Prior to signing this Waiver, I have been given the
opportunity and sufficient time to seek such advice, and I fully understand the
meaning and contents of this Waiver.

         I understand that I may take up to twenty-one (21) calendar days to
consider whether or not I desire to enter this Waiver. I was not coerced,
threatened or otherwise forced to sign this Waiver. I have made my choice to
sign this Waiver voluntarily and of my own free will.

         I understand that I may revoke this Waiver at any time during the seven
(7) calendar day period after I sign and deliver this Waiver to the Company. If
I revoke this Waiver, I must do so in writing delivered to the Company. I
understand that this Waiver is not effective until the expiration of this seven
(7) calendar day revocation period. I understand that upon the expiration of
such seven (7) calendar day revocation period this entire Waiver will be binding
upon me and will be irrevocable.

         I understand that by signing this Waiver I am giving up rights I may
have.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby executes this Waiver this ____
day of ____________________, in the year _____.


                                                  Anthony R. James

Sworn to and subscribed to me this
____ day of ____________, _____.


Notary Public

My Commission Expires:


(Notary Seal)

         Acknowledged and Accepted by the Company, as defined in the Waiver.

By:
         -----------------------------------
Date:
         -----------------------------------




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
